Setting Up

In the previous section, we learned about JSX and we accessed the React and ReactDOM 
package using CDN. However, in real projects instead of CDN you will use a build tool.

We will be using vite.

let's have a brief introduction to all the tools we are going to use in this lesson. 
You do not have to understand everything, but I will try to give a very short introduction 
to some of the tools and technologies that we use when we work with React.

1. Node
Node is a JavaScript runtime environment that allows JavaScript to run on the server. 
Node was created in 2009. Node has played a great role for the growth of JavaScript.

we need to install node.
confirm node.


2. Module
A single or multiple functions, that can be exported and imported when needed, 
can be included in a project. In React we do not use link to access modules or packages, 
instead we import the module. Let's see how to import and export a module or modules:

After this, when you see import React from 'react' or import ReactDOM from 'react-dom' 
you will not be surprised.

3. Package
A Package is a module or a collection of modules. For instance, React, ReactDOM are packages.

Node Package Manager(NPM)
NPM was created in 2010. You do not need to install NPM separately - when you install 
node you will have also NPM. NPM is a default package manager for Node.js. It allows 
users to consume and distribute JavaScript modules that are available in the registry. 
NPM allows to create packages, use packages and distribute packages. NMP also played quite 
a big role in the growth of JavaScript. Currently, there is more than a million packages in 
the NPM registry. Let's see the create-react-app on NPM registry. The number of downloads 
show the popularity of the package.

i. It allows us manage dependencies and packages for JavaScript project

4. vite
"Very Fast in-browser dev server and build tool" and is primarily used for modern web development.

intall vite
 npm create vite@latest .

 5. Visual Studio Extensions
You may need to install these extensions from Visual Studio Code

Prettier 
ESLint
Bracket Pair Colorizer
ES7 React/Redux/GraphQL/React-Native snippets


Add JSX
Styles in JSX
Inject data to jsx elements
import images

Assignment Design 